#  Meeting for Team 31:
## Start time: 8:00 PM 05/17/2021

### Agenda: 
1. Work on GitHub issues
2. Discuss localStorage use
3. Work on assigned portions with partners
  
### Attendance: 
- Artyom Muradyan
- Bryce Tsuyuki
- Allison Ngo (note taker)
- Aryan Pareek 
- Jonathan Deguzman 
- Harshil Panchal 
- Mingsung

### 1. Work on GitHub Issues
- Separate issues by features or components
  - Notepad
  - Log
  - Media Tab
  - Input Bar (including respective picker)
    - Upload Button
    - Task/Event Selector
    - Clock (DL & WL)
    - Tag Selector


### 2. Discuss localStorage use
- Split tasks and events into separate objects within daily log object
- Remove settings button personalization feature

## End time: 9:55PM
