#  Meeting for Team 31:
## Start time: 8:00 PM 05/23/2021

### Agenda: 
1. discuss problems from last week
2. discuss tasks for this week

### Attendance: 
- Artyom Muradyan
- Bryce Tsuyuki
- Allison Ngo
- Aryan Pareek 
- Jonathan Deguzman 
- Harshil Panchal 
- Mingsung
- Victor Chen (note taker)

### 1. Problems to discuss
- how to push to github?
  - first make new branch
  - then push to that new branch
  - submit pull request
  - wait for others (team leads?) to accept it
- how to add custom tags?
  - click inside dropdown option to make new
- CSS how to add main tasks?
  - how the tasks are added to the screen
  - so we can stylize it
  - included script in channel to demonstrate
- how to show that you selected multiple tags?
- editable texts for options 
  - with the option thing thing

### 2. What we are working on next week?
- Bryce
  - integrating codeacy
  - figure out the js docs issue
  - deployment in the CI pipeline
- Artyom
  - wrapping up the notepad
- Allison
  - navigation top bar to adjacent days
- Artyom + Minsung
  - CSS styling for clock
  - navigation to different days
- Jonathan
  - tag selection script
  - input event script after you press enter
- Harshil + Aryan
  - CSS styling for <task-log> and <event-log>
  - flush out bugs on miro
- Victor + Artyom + Harshil + Aryan
  - left side bar (hamburger)

Next meeting: after Thursday's lecture?

## End time: 8:50PM