#  Meeting for Team 31:
## Start time: 2:00 PM 05/27/2021

### Agenda: 
1. Debrief between roles
2. Action plan until Sunday

### Attendance: 
- Artyom Muradyan (note taker)
- Bryce Tsuyuki
- Allison Ngo
- Aryan Pareek
- Harshil Panchal
- Minsung Kang
- Victor Chen

### 1. Debrief
- Meet with TA at 6PM today (Thursday)
- Testing
  - Which functions need testing?
  - Decide to create tests for functions when the pull requests are created
- Codacy and ESLint
  - Issues with indentation for CSS
    - Incorrect errors detected when testing a PR (sometimes no errors at all)
  - Decide to focus on ESLint errors instead
    - Fix issues with ESLint as well (Bryce)
- Tag Discussion
  - Should events have more than 1 tag?
    - Depends on the view of events in the weekly view
    - Possible tag pinning feature
    - Victor: adjust storage for event tags into an array
      - First tag user picks for the event is the color on the weekly log 
  - Tag overflow
    - Make the scrolling feature for tags transparent
- Sidebar Navigation
  - Under Daily Log, navigation has most recent days
    - Simplify to display days of the recent week
- Mutliple HTML files or one page application
  - Discuss with the TA

### 2. Future Meetings and Plans
- Meet with TA at 6PM
- HTML/CSS changes meet on Saturday 9AM
- Sprint Review on Sunday 8PM

## End time: 3PM 