#  Meeting for Team 31:
## Start time: 8:00 PM 06/07/2021

### Agenda: 
1. Address common issues and next courses of action
2. Plan current week

### Attendance: 
- Artyom Muradyan 
- Bryce Tsuyuki
- Jonathan Deguzman
- Allison Ngo
- Aryan Pareek (note taker)
- Harshil Panchal
- Minsung Kang
- Victor Chen

### 1. Address common issues and next courses of action
- Addressed Imgur implementation issue in media section
- Addressed bugs which arise in different browsers
- Agreed on finishing media section before implementing more features on weekly log
- Limit custom tags to 3

### 2. Plan current week
- Merge current pull requests 
- Have additional, smaller meetings for each team
- Aim to finish by Wednesday so team can work on final video
- Local storage improvements

## End time: 9:25 PM 
